Non-fungible tokens are one of the newest features to Bitcoin Cash and open up posibilities for other products and services to be built using this new technology. Most of the focus on NFTs is as a collectible, or as a way for artists to expand their market for unique creative works. However, two other use-cases are for authentication and as proof of ownership. The Mosaic-NFT project aims to use NFTs to create a community art project, where the art itself is under distributed control by the owners of the NFTs.

Project Scope and Deliverables:
 * Creating an distributing NFTs, each of which allow the owner to control the state of a pixel in a large image, the mosaic.
 * Developing a protocol to change the state of the pixel. Token-holders will be able to execute these commands using any BCH wallet that allows directly manipulating OP_RETURN data.
 * Creating a website that will display the current state of the mosaic.
 * Create a tool allow token-holders to paste simple instructions into OP_RETURN.

This will require the deveopment of source code, which will all be open source, and we'll documented and tested to be used by the wider BCH community.


I've been working on adding the SLP and NFT support to mainnet.cash project the last couple of months. While developing it I grew passionate about tokens in general and non-fungible collectibles in particular, thanks to amazing Waifu faucet and its community. So I have set up a website to try out the recent developments - the Waifu Camp.


So what are Waifus? These are NFT tokens which depict a fictional character, one-of-a-kind, generated by artificial intelligence. They have profile photos, names, character traits and a loving owner - you!

WAIFU CAMP
Waifu Camp is your safe haven from the daily hassle. You come to your cozy camp full of lovely waifus to appreciate your collection. As if you'd be sitting besides one of them, your best waifu, at a campfire sharing quality time while the world revolves around you.

On the technical side it is an NFT token indexer and browser which allows one to view their own or someone else's collection, browse the most recent or most popular waifus and more. If you'd visit the Waifu Camp, you will see that a lot has been done already, but to finish this up I look for community support.

I plan to add:

Fast dedicated SLPDB instance to index the tokens
User sign up and wallets
On-chain voting and BCH staking for top waifus
Memo protocol integration for discussions
Cashaccount integration for user names
Possibly a marketplace
Your suggested features!
VALUE FOR THE COMMUNITY
The NFTs are booming right now on the Ethereum chain with unprecedented auctions worth tens of millions USD. On the other side of the spectrum are cheaper NFTs which can not be moved as easily on Ethereum due to very high network fees. This is where BCH can truly shine! And now is the moment to build the infrastructure and tools to enable the NFT business ideas to be implemented easily. This is why I am willing to generalize and opensource the project, provide help and info support for the developers willing to build on top of it.

BUDGETING
I plan about 200 hours to finish the project and for its further continuous support. I'll be maintaining the public dedicated SLPDB instance for WAIFU NFTs and make sure that the project scales. A substantial amount of effort will be made to document the tools used to program NFTs and run the infrastructure.

Join the discussion on Telegram

Check out my profiles on read.cash and noise.cash
